Update CHANGELOG.md (#9833)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

* **New Resource:** `google_compute_storage_pool` ([#9786](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9786))
* **New Resource:** `google_gke_backup_backup_channel` ([#9819](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9819))
* **New Resource:** `google_gke_backup_restore_channel` ([#9819](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9819))
* **New Resource:** `google_iap_web_cloud_run_service_iam_binding` ([#9823](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9823))
* **New Resource:** `google_iap_web_cloud_run_service_iam_member` ([#9823](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9823))
* **New Resource:** `google_iap_web_cloud_run_service_iam_policy` ([#9823](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9823))
* **New Resource:** `google_storage_batch_operations_job` ([#9779](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9779))

IMPROVEMENTS:
* accesscontextmanager: added `scoped_access_settings` field to `gcp_user_access_binding` resource ([#9763](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9763))

> * alloydb: added `assistiveExperiencesEnabled` field to `observabilityConfig` in `google_alloydb_instance` resource ([#9808](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9808))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* alloydb: added `assistive_experiences_enabled` field to `observability_config` in `google_alloydb_instance` resource ([#9808](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/9808))
```
